Mr. Ji
Mr. Ji welcomes you to return to China
I heard that you are returning to China this time.
It is to accept the relocation assets of Shengfeng Group
Is that right?
Mr. Ji heard that you are returning to China this time
It's for the marriage with the eldest lady of the official family
Is it true? Answer my question, Mr. Ji, I'm sorry.
Mr. Ji is not giving interviews now
Oops come on don't move
Are you okay, uncle? I'm okay.
The ice cream is dirty, let's not want it, okay?
Go buy him a new ice cream yeah
Mom said you can't litter
I'm going to throw it in the trash.
Kid, what about your parents?
My mom is looking for my dad.
Uncle handsome, do you want to be my dad?